good morning it's december 23
2020 and it's a wednesday
here in l.a a clear morning for the time
being with a very slight breeze
48 degrees fahrenheit around 9 celsius
today i was thinking about
james taylor and his cover version
of the song handyman
from 1977.
i was in new york city at the time
trying to get a good release print for
my first
feature film eraserhead
and every morning i'd walk to the lab
and i'd stop off at a restaurant on
third avenue
and they were always playing this song
while i had some coffee
a great version handyman
[Music]
by james taylor
should be going up to around 71 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon here in la
about 22 celsius
and it looks like we're gonna be having
clouds
all day maybe we might get
lucky and get some blue skies and golden
sunshine
by this afternoon but
probably not in any event
everyone have a great day